# art-277-assignment-
Explain in your words the terms Git and Github.  Git is a version control system that lets you manage and keep track of your source code history. GitHub is a cloud-based hosting service that lets you manage Git repositories. Eg: If you have open-source projects that use Git, then GitHub is designed to help you better manage them.   2. Explain the steps to download, install and configure Git on your PC.  1. Steps For Installing Git for Windows. Download Git for Windows. Extract and Launch Git Installer. Server Certificates, Line Endings and Terminal Emulators. ... 2. How to Launch Git in Windows. Launch Git Bash Shell. Launch Git GUI. 3. Connecting to a Remote Repository. Create a Test Directory. Configure GitHub Credentials.   3. Discuss the process to create and initialize a project in Git.  1. Create a directory to contain the project. 2. Go into the new directory. 3. Type git init . 4. Write some code. 5. Type git add to add the files (see the typical use page). 6. Type git commit .   4. Explain the steps to pull and push from a local repository to a remote repository.  1. git push &lt;remote> &lt;branch> Push the specified branch to , along with all of the necessary commits and internal objects. This creates a local branch in the destination repository. To prevent you from overwriting commits, Git won’t let you push when it results in a non-fast-forward merge in the destination repository. 2. git push &lt;remote> --force Same as the above command, but force the push even if it results in a non-fast-forward merge. Do not use the --force flag unless you’re absolutely sure you know what you’re doing. 3. git push &lt;remote> --all Push all of your local branches to the specified remote.  The git pull command is used to fetch and download content from a remote repository and immediately update the local repository to match that content. Merging remote upstream changes into your local repository is a common task in git based collaboration work flows     5. In your own words, explain the term push, pull, commit, stage, and branches in Git. 1.  Pushing is how you transfer commits from your local repository to a remote repo.   2. fetch and download content from a remote repository and immediately update the local repository to match that 3. The git commit command captures a snapshot of the project's currently staged changes. 4. To stage a file is simply to prepare it finely for a commit. Git, with its index allows you to commit only certain parts of the changes you've done since the last commit   6. Create a github account (if you don't have) and a repository and submit the repository link with your assignment. (The account username should reflects your full name and the repository name should be "ART277")
